content/achievements/_index.md, before:

---
title:
#layout: doc-list

#1. <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Goswami, S.; Hupp, J. T. 2021. Manuscript in preparation for J. Phys. Chem. C
#3. ~~A review that passed away in its draft stage~~


---
# Publications

### PUBLICATIONS DURING GRADUATE SCHOOL
1. Liu, Q.; Chen, Z.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Bi, W.; Lu, Z.; Schweitzer, N.; Alayoglu, S.; Goswami, S.; Chapman, K.; Hupp, J. *Submitted*
1. Lu, Z.; Wang, R.; Liao, Y.; Farha, O. K.; Bi, W.; Sheridan, T. R.; Zhang, K.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Liu, J.; Hupp, J. T. <a href = 'https://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlelanding/2021/cc/d0cc07974j#!divAbstract' target='_blank'>Chem. Commun., 2021, 57, 3571-3574.</a>
2. Ray, D.; Goswami, S.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Hupp, J. T.; Cramer, C.; Gagliardi, L. <a href = 'https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemmater.0c03855' target='_blank'>Chem. Mater., 2021, 33, 1182–1189.</a>
3. Nagatomi, H.; Gallington, L.; Goswami, S.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Chapman, K.; Yanai, N.; Kimizuka, N.; Farha, O.
K.; Hupp, J. T. <a href = 'https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acsomega.0c04823' target='_blank'>ACS Omega, 2020, 5, 30299–30305.</a>
4. Wang, R.; Bukowski, B. C.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Sheridan, T. R.; Atilgan, A.; Zhang, K.; Snurr, R. Q.; Hupp, J. T.
<a href = 'https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.langmuir.0c01999' target='_blank'>Langmuir, 2020, 36, 10853–10859.</a>
5. Kung, C.-W.; Goswami, S.; Hod, I.; Wang, T. C.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Farha, O. K.; Hupp, J. T. <a href = 'https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/acs.accounts.0c00106' target='_blank'>Acc. Chem. Res.
2020, 53, 1187–1195.</a>
6. Goswami, S.; Hod, I.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Kung, C.-W.; Rimoldi, M.; Malliakas, C. D.; Palmer, R. H.; Farha, O. K.;
Hupp, J. T. <a href = 'https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.9b07658' target='_blank'>J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2019, 141, 17696–17702.</a>


### PUBLICATIONS DURING UNDERGRADUATE PERIOD
1. Desai, S. P.; Ye, J.; Zheng, J.; Ferrandon, M. S.; Webber, T. E.; Platero-Prats, A. E.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; GarciaHolley, P.; Camaioni, D. M.; Chapman, K. W.; Delferro, M.; Farha, O. K.; Fulton, J. L.; Gagliardi, L.;
Lercher, J. A.; Penn, R. L.; Stein, A.; Lu, C. C. <a href='https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/jacs.8b08550' target="_blank">J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2018, 140, 15309–15318.</a>
2. Malonzo, C. D.; Wang, Z.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Zhao, W.; Webber, T. E.; Li, Z.; Kim, I. S.; Kumar, A.; Bhan, A.;
Platero-Prats, A. E.; Chapman, K. W.; Farha, O. K.; Hupp, J. T.; Martinson, A. B. F.; Penn, R. L.; Stein, A.
<a href="https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/acs.inorgchem.7b03181" target="_blank">Inorg. Chem. 2018, 57, 2782–2790.</a>
3. Desai, S. P.; Malonzo, C. D.; Webber, T. E.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Thompson, A. B.; Tereniak, S. J.; DeStefano, M. R.;
Buru, C. T; Li, Z.; Penn, R. L.; Farha, O. K.; Hupp, J. T.; Stein, A.; Lu, C. C. <a href = "https://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlehtml/2017/fd/c7fd00055c" target="_blank">Farad. Discuss. 2017, 201,
287–302.</a>

# Presentations
- 2019 - Nanoporous Materials Genome Center (NMGC) All-Hands Meeting (Poster)
- 2018 - American Chemical Society 255th National Meeting (Poster)

# Honors & Rewards
- 2018 - Dean’s List, University of Minnesota (All semesters during Undergraduate)
- 2018 - Travel grant for American Chemical Society 255th National Meeting
- 2017 - Dr. Paul F. and Patricia Guehler Chemistry Scholarship
- 2017 - J. Lewis Maynard Memorial Prize in Advanced Inorganic Chemistry
- 2016 - Thomas DuBruil Undergraduate Research Award
- 2016 - Undergraduate Research Opportunities Program
- 2015 - McGraw Hill’s Book Prize for Student Achievement in Introductory Chemistry



# Professional Developments
- [Admitted, 60 applicants selected across graduate students at North American] 23rd National School on Neutron and X-Ray Scattering (NXS2021)

- 2021 - Rigaku School for Advanced Topics in Practical Crystallography (pass the test with honors) - provided by <a href = "https://www.rigaku.com/webinars/crystallography/advanced-topics" target="_blank">Rigaku School</a>
- 2019 - Certificate of Completion: Advanced Impedance Spectroscopy - instructed by Mark Orazem, provided by <a href="https://www.electrochem.org/advanced-impedance-spectroscopy">The Electrochemical Society</a> at the 236th ECS Meeting

[Certificates to be uploaded]

# Professional Involvements
- 2020 - Bright Future for In Situ and Operando Structural Science Workshops - provided by <a href="https://www.aps.anl.gov/" target="_blank">The Advanced Photon Source - Argonne National Lab</a>
- 2019 - Catalysis Club of Chicago Symposium
- 2017 - Inorganometallic Catalyst Design Center (ICDC) All-Hands Meeting
- 2017 -  IPRIME Annual Meeting

Commit message:

added content to volunteer and certificates

content/achievements/_index.md, after:

---
title:
#layout: doc-list

#1. <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Goswami, S.; Hupp, J. T. 2021. Manuscript in preparation for J. Phys. Chem. C
#3. ~~A review that passed away in its draft stage~~


---
# Publications

### PUBLICATIONS DURING GRADUATE SCHOOL
1. Liu, Q.; Chen, Z.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Bi, W.; Lu, Z.; Schweitzer, N.; Alayoglu, S.; Goswami, S.; Chapman, K.; Hupp, J. *Submitted*
1. Lu, Z.; Wang, R.; Liao, Y.; Farha, O. K.; Bi, W.; Sheridan, T. R.; Zhang, K.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Liu, J.; Hupp, J. T. <a href = 'https://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlelanding/2021/cc/d0cc07974j#!divAbstract' target='_blank'>Chem. Commun., 2021, 57, 3571-3574.</a>
2. Ray, D.; Goswami, S.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Hupp, J. T.; Cramer, C.; Gagliardi, L. <a href = 'https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemmater.0c03855' target='_blank'>Chem. Mater., 2021, 33, 1182–1189.</a>
3. Nagatomi, H.; Gallington, L.; Goswami, S.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Chapman, K.; Yanai, N.; Kimizuka, N.; Farha, O.
K.; Hupp, J. T. <a href = 'https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acsomega.0c04823' target='_blank'>ACS Omega, 2020, 5, 30299–30305.</a>
4. Wang, R.; Bukowski, B. C.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Sheridan, T. R.; Atilgan, A.; Zhang, K.; Snurr, R. Q.; Hupp, J. T.
<a href = 'https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.langmuir.0c01999' target='_blank'>Langmuir, 2020, 36, 10853–10859.</a>
5. Kung, C.-W.; Goswami, S.; Hod, I.; Wang, T. C.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Farha, O. K.; Hupp, J. T. <a href = 'https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/acs.accounts.0c00106' target='_blank'>Acc. Chem. Res.
2020, 53, 1187–1195.</a>
6. Goswami, S.; Hod, I.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Kung, C.-W.; Rimoldi, M.; Malliakas, C. D.; Palmer, R. H.; Farha, O. K.;
Hupp, J. T. <a href = 'https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/jacs.9b07658' target='_blank'>J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2019, 141, 17696–17702.</a>


### PUBLICATIONS DURING UNDERGRADUATE PERIOD
1. Desai, S. P.; Ye, J.; Zheng, J.; Ferrandon, M. S.; Webber, T. E.; Platero-Prats, A. E.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; GarciaHolley, P.; Camaioni, D. M.; Chapman, K. W.; Delferro, M.; Farha, O. K.; Fulton, J. L.; Gagliardi, L.;
Lercher, J. A.; Penn, R. L.; Stein, A.; Lu, C. C. <a href='https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/jacs.8b08550' target="_blank">J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2018, 140, 15309–15318.</a>
2. Malonzo, C. D.; Wang, Z.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Zhao, W.; Webber, T. E.; Li, Z.; Kim, I. S.; Kumar, A.; Bhan, A.;
Platero-Prats, A. E.; Chapman, K. W.; Farha, O. K.; Hupp, J. T.; Martinson, A. B. F.; Penn, R. L.; Stein, A.
<a href="https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/acs.inorgchem.7b03181" target="_blank">Inorg. Chem. 2018, 57, 2782–2790.</a>
3. Desai, S. P.; Malonzo, C. D.; Webber, T. E.; <u>**Duan, J.**</u>; Thompson, A. B.; Tereniak, S. J.; DeStefano, M. R.;
Buru, C. T; Li, Z.; Penn, R. L.; Farha, O. K.; Hupp, J. T.; Stein, A.; Lu, C. C. <a href = "https://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlehtml/2017/fd/c7fd00055c" target="_blank">Farad. Discuss. 2017, 201,
287–302.</a>

# Presentations
- 2019 - Nanoporous Materials Genome Center (NMGC) All-Hands Meeting (Poster)
- 2018 - American Chemical Society 255th National Meeting (Poster)

# Honors & Rewards
- 2018 - Dean’s List, University of Minnesota (All semesters during Undergraduate)
- 2018 - Travel grant for American Chemical Society 255th National Meeting
- 2017 - Dr. Paul F. and Patricia Guehler Chemistry Scholarship
- 2017 - J. Lewis Maynard Memorial Prize in Advanced Inorganic Chemistry
- 2016 - Thomas DuBruil Undergraduate Research Award
- 2016 - Undergraduate Research Opportunities Program
- 2015 - McGraw Hill’s Book Prize for Student Achievement in Introductory Chemistry



# Professional Developments
- [Admitted, 60 applicants selected across graduate students at North American] 23rd National School on Neutron and X-Ray Scattering (<a href = 'https://www.anl.gov/education/national-school-on-neutron-and-xray-scattering' target = '_blank'>NXS2021</a>)

- 2021 - Rigaku School for Advanced Topics in Practical Crystallography (pass the test with honors) - provided by <a href = "https://www.rigaku.com/webinars/crystallography/advanced-topics" target="_blank">Rigaku School</a>
- 2019 - Certificate of Completion: Advanced Impedance Spectroscopy - instructed by Mark Orazem, provided by <a href="https://www.electrochem.org/advanced-impedance-spectroscopy">The Electrochemical Society</a> at the 236th ECS Meeting

<img src="/images/Rigaku_Advanced_Crystallography_School_Exam-Jiaxin_Duan.jpg" alt="Rigaku School Certificate" style="width:400px;height:320px;">

# Professional Involvements
- 2020 - Bright Future for In Situ and Operando Structural Science Workshops - provided by <a href="https://www.aps.anl.gov/" target="_blank">The Advanced Photon Source - Argonne National Lab</a>
- 2019 - Catalysis Club of Chicago Symposium
- 2019 - Presider - the Great Lake Regional meeting
  - Facilitating a session of presentations by introducing each speaker, tracking time, and promote Q&A discussions
- 2017 - Inorganometallic Catalyst Design Center (ICDC) All-Hands Meeting
- 2017 -  IPRIME Annual Meeting
